c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.DodajKontaktForm.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.KontaktForm.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.SpisForm.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Spisi.SpisDodaj.resources
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mukepogatesu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\MukePoGatesu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.OsobaDodajForm.resources
C:\Users\MukePoGatesu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pravnaOsobaDodajForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.DodajKontaktForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.KontaktForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.OsobaDodajForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pravnaOsobaDodajForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.SpisForm.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Spisi.SpisDodaj.resources
C:\Users\zoky\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam10\Izlaz\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
